hey comical fans welcome back to comic
book corner 2.0 and fancy with me Mike
spider-slayer getting ready to do
another comic book review and today fans
we're gonna be talking about the Hulk
issue number eight or just Hulk look
there's so many different titles of the
whole title over the years you never
think you know you can come out without
many different titles but oh and this
book is written by Jerry Duggan and the
artwork is done by Mark Bagley and I
couldn't be happier with the actual
artwork in this book I think it's so
well done I think the coloring is really
well done in here it fits the book
perfectly and you know just to show you
some pictures here here's a nice one
page spread of Hulk kind of digging up
doc Samson's grave so that was pretty
awesome there as the issue progresses
you get to see cool pictures here was
she-hulk
this is she-hulk Betty Ross with Rick
Jones holding him up there so that was
really well done and then you get to see
some more big pages here heard
wrongfully as she-hulk which I thought
again was well done good facial
expressions there by Betty Ross's her
being just Betty Ross and then you get
some cool battle scenes that's happened
in here so I think this book is very
well done really worth drawing maybe not
the most complex layout but however I
love the artwork in this book and it
really shines through and I'm a huge fan
of Bagley's art just from all the years
of reading amazing spider-man
ultimate spider-man I just it's just he
just attracts me to his artwork so
basically what's going on in the hope
these days if you guys have not been
paying attention to the Hulk if you're
not a hope fan basically what's
happening is Hulk got shot in the head
and his head wound up being healed by
extremists and what happened is it made
him super smart and now he's able to
contained banner within his body banner
can no longer Kim come out he can no
longer change back and the only way it
looks like that banner can come out is
if Hulk sleeps and that was kind of
touched on the last issue a little bit
and but he forces himself to stay up and
he seems to be doing okay with it but we
can see that might be a problem but his
MO here doc green is what he calls
himself now is to get rid of all the
gamma-irradiated Hulk's out there so
that's every single one of them that's
abomination that's red she-hulk
that's Red Hulk that's just you know
anybody that had to be Hulk in the whole
community wants to get rid of them he's
the only one that can't change back
because it's his own hand to do the book
does a really good job introducing
what's going on in this series right now
and we know that the Hulk is going to
try to visit Betty Ross now the
introduction in this issue you get to
see a doctrine which is that's his name
now on digs out doc Samson and we wind
up that you know he's still dead he's
still in that graveyard and you know in
that casket so he didn't waste an
antidote on him because he was already
dead but in case he was he was gonna
make him normal again cuz again he's out
to get rid of all those hopes out there
so as issue progresses doctrine kind of
finds out something that's going on you
know behind what happened with Banner
and what what the order of shield is why
his assistant shot banner in the head so
he knew something was going on so Rick
Jones in the last issue goes to Betty
Ross's house and you think since the
Hulk cured Rick Jones from being
abomination you kind of get this feeling
in the issue that Rick is going to team
up with red she-hulk
to warn her about his situation okay
hopin that's not the case at all what
happens is he winds up basically setting
her up and he does warn her
of everything that's going on and she
gets pissed off and Rick Jones's hey I
for the first time in my life and the
first time in a long time I can go to
sleep at night and not worry about
things I don't have to worry about being
abomination and the next thing you see
is hope shows up at the door and you see
him at the door here and the next thing
you see is she powers up and she starts
beating the out of Hulk and before
you know it
boom - ends up becoming Betty Ross
supports a gang and what she didn't know
is that Rick Jones was sent to her house
and slipped the antidote in her drink
and you're just like oh damn so just
like that she's back to normal once
again and he sits there and you know she
was the one behind the whole situation
about shooting Bruce Banner in head that
was her mission to do because Bruce
Banner was the one that causes a major
event that happens so that's why in this
issue when you read it you're gonna find
out that she is behind the whole thing
there's a reason why she was shooting
Bruce Banner in the head to begin with
when the series was kicked off really
good stuff here guys
read the issue for you know for
yourselves to get the full effect of it
but it's very well done very well
written and I I just can't help to say
that I haven't been enjoying Hulk for
the first time in a long time the way I
want to enjoy Hulk and when you get to
the end of this issue you're gonna see
that the next issue features Kitty Pryde
in it as well so yeah great stuff guys
god I love this book if this story is so
well done and when you read this book
you're gonna be like oh my god I can't
believe like it just comes full circle
that what Betty Ross has to do and
someone that's so important in her life
it's just oh it's great it's so awesome
but guys I highly suggest at this point
go ahead and pick up Hulk I think you're
gonna enjoy this story if you like back
we start
work if you like jury Duggan's writing I
think you're gonna enjoy this and it
started I think on issue 5 for issue for
whatever the case may be this story arc
jump on board and after reading this one
I'm gonna give it a four and a half out
of five stars you know it you know books
really gotta be super perfect to get
that five out of five but however I
still really enjoyed it in some of the
top books of the week for me
so guys leave me your comments below
what you think of Hulk are you upset
that you're going in this direction
because it looks like we're gonna be
fighting the Red Hulk very shortly here
and are you upset that they're getting
rid of all these folks do you think
these folks are gonna come back is this
like a set up going into the Secret Wars
like what do you think it's going to
happen after all this so guys again
leave me those comments below and until
the next comic book review you can check
me out over on my group channel comment
Frontline I got more reviews over there
this week guys and you can check out our
website as well which is called comic
front-line calm and yeah all kinds of
great comic goodness guys so until the
next comic book review I'll see you guys
real soon thanks for watching
see you soon bye